Contributor License Agreement
The document below clarifies the terms under which You (the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright 
owner), may make "The Contributions" (software, bug fixes, configuration changes, documentation, or any other materials) 
to "The Work" (AntiDominationBot). This license protects You, "The Company" (Brighter Code Ltd.) and licensees; it does 
not change your rights to use your own contributions for any other purpose.

You and "The Company" (Brighter Code Ltd) agree:

• You grant to "The Company" (Brighter Code Ltd) a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable, 
relicenseable, transferable license under all of Your relevant intellectual property rights, to use, copy, prepare 
derivative works of, distribute and publicly perform and display "The Contributions" on any licensing terms, including 
without limitation: (a) open source licenses like the Apache License (v2.0) license; and (b) binary, proprietary, or 
commercial licenses. Except for the licenses granted herein, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to 
"The Contributions".

• You grant to "The Company" (Brighter Code Ltd) a non-exclusive, irrevocable (except as stated in this section), 
worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable, transferable patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, 
import, and otherwise transfer "The Work" (AntiDominationBot), where such license applies only to those patent claims 
licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) 
with "The Work" (AntiDominationBot) to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent 
litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your 
Contribution, or "The Work" (AntiDominationBot) to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent 
infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall
terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

• You are able to grant us these rights. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above license(s). If 
Your employer has rights to intellectual property that You create, You represent that You have received permission to 
make "The Contributions" on behalf of that employer, or that Your employer has waived such rights for "The 
Contributions".

• "The Contributions" are your original work. You represent that "The Contributions" are Your original works of 
authorship, and to Your knowledge, no other person claims, or has the right to claim, any right in any invention or 
patent related to "The Contributions". You also represent that You are not legally obligated, whether by entering into 
an agreement or otherwise, in any way that conflicts with the terms of this license. For example, if you have signed an 
agreement requiring you to assign the intellectual property rights in "The Contributions" to an employer or customer, 
that would conflict with the terms of this license.

• We, as authoritative representatives of "The Company" (Brighter Code Ltd) determine the code that is in "The Work" 
(AntiDominationBot). You understand that the decision to include "The Contribution(s)" in any project or source 
repository is entirely that of "The Company" (Brighter Code Ltd), and this agreement does not guarantee that "The 
Contributions" will be included in any product.

• We, as authoritative representatives of "The Company" (Brighter Code Ltd) do solemnly swear and commit back to You 
that the "The Project" remains freely accessible under these terms. As "The Project" continues to remain under the 
control of director Chris Beach, "The Work" (AntiDominationBot) will always and forever remain publicly free and 
available in its entirety under the same terms as are described in the Apache License v2.0. If, at which time, Chris
Beach no longer retains control as founder of "The Company", and the licensing model for "The Project" 
(AntiDominationBot) changes to another scheme other than the Apache License v2.0, then an effort will be made, if 
possible, to hand "The Project" off to a third-party under the guidance of the Free Software Foundation.

• No Implied Warranties. "The Company" (Brighter Code Ltd) acknowledges that, except as explicitly described in this 
Agreement, the Contribution is provided on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Please complete the following information about You and The Contributions, and press Submit to indicate your agreement 
to these terms. If you have questions about these terms, contact us at chris@brightercode.com.